Kill them all
Ahhh, I was bitten by a snake, hahahaha.
Ye Xuan, you really colluded with the demon clan
Goujie Yao
Sooner or later, blood will be added to everything
I didn't. I wasn't stopped.
I almost deceived you
As long as you wake up
You tell them I didn't you tell them
Hello, sister.
Why are you here, too?
You are the original owner of this body. Hmm.
Wow, you look just like me.
It's like looking in a mirror.
Don't tell me I'm so beautiful when I dress up like this
Oh, right.
Don't ask this yet
Generally speaking
Shouldn't Soul River replace the original soul?
Are you okay?
What is Soul River?
That's not important.
The question is, where have you been these past few days?
I'm staying right here.
I woke up and saw my sister
Sister, what you say is so funny
It's like I have another sister
And that brother
So handsome